I love it a video this is closely this
is the kitchen
fairly spacious nice big fish nopee in
yellow got some milk exciting see you
turn them over here pass the phone
winter lane this is the dining room see
where we have our entertaining existed
living room it's awfully way way from
home but my sister said I know how tough
he goes actually right there yes there
is oh no he's gone well thank our way
out somewhere my sister view of God we
saw a couple of alligators is down there
last night making love they're not there
anymore they went off in that direction
you'll get back on you this is it Sally
right clouds but look at the base
Jonathan if you're watching it fit fear
my tallies I'm not here let's a lovely
floral arrangement big wet take that
home for me d this is the main bedroom
also has a nice decent size telly very
important here's a holy man
don't really want this celibate there's
some storage space in here and this is a
this is the main bathroom look you look
you can't sit on the toilet and close
the door the same time it's likely
though he's got short legs that's the
shower great let's seeker a lot but must
leave again another era in here what's
in here this is the guest bathroom
slightly more massive than I was sort of
cleaned it for ourselves I think I isn't
here's a piece bedroom
quick chibi she's having asleep she shot
a bless ur see what she's just chopped
all her stuff everywhere she doesn't
really care about interface board but I
forget what she said I hottie I we had
the most important thing in her room was
she had massive telly she stopped the
start of our best run away
and it brings us back to the main door
so it's been great to see if it you're
gonna have to go so goodbye there you go
oh look at that my love will you go not
a beast for me today okay right